capital = 631

oob = "MON_1936"
set_research_slots = 3
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1			
	interwar_antiair = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	iw_small_airframe = 1 
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_recon = 1
		tech_trucks = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_train = 1
}

set_variable = {
    var = min_fuel
    value = 0.800
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	limited_conscription
	low_economic_mobilisation 
	MON_ill_educated_population_idea
	MON_new_course_policy_idea
	MON_buddhist_opposition
	MON_weak_currency_idea
	MON_dominated_animal_husbandry_idea
	MON_soviet_NKVD_agents
}

#MONGOLIAUPDATEDRECRUITMENT
recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_peljidiin_genden
recruit_character = MON_bat_ochiryn_eldev_ochir
recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
recruit_character = MON_navaanlubsangiyn_genepil
recruit_character = MON_Wu_Zhongxin	#Head of Mongolian and Tibetian Affairs Commissions, leader in case Mongolia becomes puppet of KMT
recruit_character = MON_davaagine_namsrai
recruit_character = MON_darizavyn_losol
recruit_character = MON_dansranbilegiin_dogsom
recruit_character = MON_khas_ochiryn_luvsandorj
recruit_character = MON_shirnengiin_ayuush
recruit_character = MON_sonombaldzshiryn_buyannemech
recruit_character = MON_suekhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_Tserendondovyn_Navaanneren
recruit_character = MON_oelziitiin_badrakh
recruit_character = MON_jamsrangiin_tseveen
recruit_character = MON_banzarjavyn_baasanjav
recruit_character = MON_yumjaagiin_tsedenbal
recruit_character = MON_sonomyn_luvsan
recruit_character = MON_gonchigiin_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dashiin_damba
recruit_character = MON_gelegdorjiin_demid
recruit_character = MON_jamsrang_tseren
recruit_character = MON_enrique_lister
recruit_character = MON_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = MON_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = MON_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = MON_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = MON_nikolay_vatutin
recruit_character = MON_ivan_konev
recruit_character = MON_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = MON_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = MON_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = MON_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = MON_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = MON_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = MON_lev_dovator
recruit_character = MON_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = MON_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = MON_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = MON_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = MON_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = MON_georgy_zakharov
recruit_character = MON_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = MON_maks_reyter
recruit_character = MON_nikandr_chibisov
recruit_character = MON_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = MON_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = MON_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = MON_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = MON_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = MON_markian_popov
recruit_character = MON_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = MON_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = MON_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = MON_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = MON_andrey_grechko
recruit_character = MON_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = MON_vasily_chuykov
#generic navy chief
recruit_character = MON_navy_chief

#air chiefs
recruit_character = MON_damchaagiin_demberel
recruit_character = MON_vladimir_sudets
recruit_character = MON_hamza_zaysanov

#high command
recruit_character = MON_lodongiin_dandar
recruit_character = MON_zhamyangiyn_lhagvasuren
recruit_character = MON_issa_pliev
recruit_character = MON_tsendiin_olzvoy
recruit_character = MON_shagdaryn_gongor
recruit_character = MON_batyn_dorj
recruit_character = MON_butochiyn_tsog

recruit_character = MON_sandivyn_ravdan

activate_advisor = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = SOV_the_red_army_dynamic_modifier }

#MONGOLIAUPDATEDRECRUITMENT
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 40
	neutrality = 60
}
