capital = 307

oob = "VEN_1936"

# Starting tech
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}



recruit_character = VEN_eleazar_lópez_contreras
recruit_character = VEN_juan_bautista_fuenmayor
recruit_character = VEN_luis_figueroa
recruit_character = VEN_patricio_franco
recruit_character = VEN_isaias_medina_angarita
recruit_character = VEN_humberto_santabria_villa
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_molina_talavayo
recruit_character = VEN_roberto_de_luca_varesano
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_garcia_mendoza
recruit_character = VEN_miguel_diaz_fraile
recruit_character = VEN_victor_sanchez_croes
recruit_character = VEN_antonio_casas_gonzalez
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_ramos_diaz
recruit_character = VEN_david_lopez_henriques
recruit_character = VEN_jose_polares_pavon
recruit_character = VEN_tomas_contreras_villalobos
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_delgado_chalbaud
recruit_character = VEN_manuel_diaz_rodriguez
recruit_character = VEN_romulo_gallegos_freire
recruit_character = VEN_isidoro_ruiz_tuerro
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = GER_sepp_dietrich

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

add_ideas = idea_VEN_blockade_inactive


set_convoys = 50
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 80
	communism = 15
}
